docs: use relative links for development docs (#15559)
renovatebot/renovate: docs/development/issue-labeling.md

You should know about platforms, package managers, datasources and versioning to label issues effectively.

- To learn about platforms, read the [Renovate docs on Platforms](../usage/modules/platform.md)
- To learn about managers, read the [Renovate docs on Managers](../usage//modules/manager.md)
- To learn about datasources, read the [Renovate docs on Datasources](../usage/modules/datasource.md)

> - To learn more about versioning, read the [Renovate docs on Versioning](../usage/modules/versioning.md)

Author: Maybe I should revert this, as the published docs have all the information, the files in the repository are missing the "autogenerated" parts.

Author: ```suggestion
- To learn about platforms, read the [Renovate docs on Platforms](https://docs.renovatebot.com/modules/platform/)
- To learn about managers, read the [Renovate docs on Managers](https://docs.renovatebot.com/modules/manager/)
- To learn about datasources, read the [Renovate docs on Datasources](https://docs.renovatebot.com/modules/datasource/)
- To learn more about versioning, read the [Renovate docs on Versioning](https://docs.renovatebot.com/modules/versioning/)
```
